I guess
a part of the medicinal properties
of the call you study here in the
institute of natural sciences in the
country we have 54 species of yam and this one
more is here working on the part
taxonomic and systematic we are
identifying by describing the species
what we have here and trying to understand
the relationships they have between
edible species in the species
medicinal and so far the results
they indicate that they form lineages
different we have the species that
are of nutritional value belong to a
lineage in the species that have value
medicinal belong to other subjects
some call the native call
sarsaparilla miami is the common name
more known more associated with the name
scum scientist that is the genus
botanist the word sarsaparilla is
use here
in the central region of colombia also
to refer to the tubers
of the species from these areas online
the native tubers to flow but
in the same word sarsaparilla is
can also use for other families
botanical plural I explain myself the
chemical compounds that the flame has
concentrate and san jorge ' ni nash that are
chemicals that are presented
naturally in the tubers that
they have a structure chemically
similar to steroids
and that means it's true that yes
they can have different activities
biological steroids are
involved in many processes
biological in the human body and yes
a variety of possible actions
that they can have on the body and you have to
investigate them with the camera of diego
wheel and formed to agency
news from the national university
german science